21-

So like for every Sura, we're keeping track of your confidence for it, like that.
But how's this c-level maintained?
So like you need to get the question right.
But are we maintaining the c-level for every sura, page, ayah, 10 pages, Juz, or what?
That's the issue now.
I think the 10 pages thing will be nice. Keep it modular.
So like Baqarah will be divided into 5 parts.
And like we're keeping the score for each of them.
And like to strengthen your score for Baqarah, you have to maintain the correctness for the module
that's decreasing the overall score. Yeah. And also, you can take a general test... and that'll... we'll think about those details later.

Now the concern left is how to actually maintain the score.
I can't be doing daily tests on each part.
1. Maybe we can let the score be decreasing as you're not on it, so you can replenish it by redeeming your hifz there.
2. We can consolidate it for a number of days, so that it's assumed that it stays, then it rotates daily to take your tests.
    - The problem here is, when the parts get too many, we'll starve some.
I think I'll go with 1 for now. But then it'll be enforced that you take at least 3 or like 5 tests each day, as in like
to maintain a streak, or like just so that they don't drop to 0 or something.
Or I can combine 1 and 2. In that, after some days that they'll start dropping, not instantly. Like 3 days or something. Or some value calculated from the total number of parts covered so far.

Another concern: should all the parts of all the surahs just be readily available to test (and use for daily tests),
or the user will maintain a list of their confidences, so that they'll just be testing based on that? I mean
that's been the idea the whole fucking time! But then, how does the user select their range?
First of all, I need to make sure it's convenient enough a way for them to choose.
Also, I need to make sure it's a continuous range. Not that it fucking matters, but it does.
Then, it should also be on the first time
